The goal of this section is to explain what the run_analysis.R script does step-by-step. The goal of run_analysis.R is to perform data editing on the data collected from Samsung smartphones following ths instructions of the "Getting and Cleaning Data" course assignment.  The first step was to read all the data I would need in from the directory I saved it in. So, I used setwd(), to set the working directory to the place I saved the data. Then I used read.table or read.csv to read in all the data I would need (X_train, X_test, subject_train, subject_test, y_train, y_test, and features). Then I merged the training and the test sets to create one data set called total using rbind(). Then I extracted only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement in total by using grep() to find where mean() and std() were in the features table and creating a vector of the locations and then subsetting the total set by this veactor. Next, I appropriately labeled the data set with descriptive variable names by taking the names of mean() and std() from features table using the vector I created before and changing them slightly with gsub() to make them more understandable and putting them into the columns on total using colnames().  Then I merged this total data set with the Activity and Subject data sets first by combining subject_test and subject_train and y_test and y_train using rbind() and then using cbind to merge these sets with the total set. Then I used descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set with a for loop to change 1->"Walking" and so on. Lastly, I created a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject by using the dplyr package. So I first grouped by Subject and Activity with group_by and then used summarise_each() to get the mean of each variable for these groups. Lastly I wrote this in a table called totalOutput.txt to submit for this assignment. 
